---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-24T17:00:02.352Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-24T16:57:36.151Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-24-aa42df23-2fce-4752-8d3e-e85ba791ef6e.md
published: true
url: aa42df23-2fce-4752-8d3e-e85ba791ef6e/index.html
_type: Article

---
_Website_

__

****

**Homepage**

•

tagline

•

two sentence cut down of what we offer
(taken from the manifesto copy)  

****

**We are a
creative video agency. **

****

**We make videos
that work to build businesses, grow brands, and share stories.**

****

**How we help**

•

Planning your video - short summary

◦

Video
Content Strategy - what it is, how we work with clients, why it's important

◦

Creative
Strategy - what it is, how we work with clients, why it's important

****

**Thinking and Making -- creative strategy**

****

**You know why
you want video content for your business, and you know what you want to say,
but you're not sure **

**__**

**_Context and Ideas_**

****

**We believe
creative strategy is as important as production. A great video comes from a
great idea, followed by great execution. **

****

**Strategy means
understanding the context in which your video will live, and then generating
ideas that reflect that context. There's more than one creative answer to any
brief, and we think that a great creative agency should work with you to
explore those options. **

•

Making your video - short summary

◦

Production
(+ list of services)

◦

Post
Production (+ list of services)

Will link to relevant
blog posts, especially so we can talk more in depth about these services.

****

**Client/Customer
Stories**

•

Short blurb about what to expect on this
page (3 or so sentences)

****

**Customer Stories -- tales from the front line.**

****

**Over the
years, we've created videos for some amazing brands and businesses.**

****

**Here are some
examples of this work, spanning online social content, corporate video, and
broadcast advertising. It should give you a good idea of our range, experience,
and commitment to creative excellence.**

•

Choose which pieces of work to feature 

****

**To include,
but not exhaustive:**

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

\*

•

Summary of each project with images and
video as the end result

•

Testimonials - where possible it would be
great to get a sentence or two from each featured client. 

See if work can be
tagged by

•

Style: live action, 2d animation, 3D
animation, stop motion, paper craft...

•

Type: e.g. advert, teaser, corporate comms,
recruitment film, 

•

Client

****

**About Us**

•

Manifesto style copy (2-3 paragraphs)

****

**We believe in video. **

****

**It's why
we're in this game. **

****

**It's why we
are on a mission to become the world-leader in creative video content. **

****

**It's why
we've made hundreds of videos for global brands; videos that have been used
online, on TV, in social media, at point-of-sale, at conferences, and at events.
**

****

**It's why we
spend our time coming up with creative ideas, writing scripts, planning shoots,
casting actors, animating in 2D and 3D, creating stop motion, commissioning
composers, and editing. Lots of editing.**

****

**We believe
that nothing moves, inspires, excites, engages, and stirs the senses quite like
the moving image. Pound-for-pound it's the best way to tell a story, whether it's
to sell, to educate, to inform, or just to plain old 'entertain'.**

Probably needs something to finish it...

•

some of the team - photo and blurb

****

**Contact Us**

•

Key contact info

•

Enquiry form - requires drop down menu with
preselected text, e.g. I would like to arrange a meeting ASAP, I would like
someone to call me, other (copy  for this)

****

**Blog**

Copy for this will be
ongoing, but we will need to have a design for each piece: layout, titles,
headings, images, tags

Also need to 

****

**Helpful Stuff**

(Resources)

This will presumably be
a library of resources with a title for each piece. We will need to think about
how to categorise this. 

Case Study 1 -- FIFA No Barriers 

30 second and 15 second TV adverts for FIFA, shown in 209
countries, in 14 languages, during the Women's World Cup. The advert is a
celebration of the empowerment of women, in the context of the biggest women's
sporting event in the world. 

**_Use the platform responsibly_**

One of the key challenges with
this brief was how to use this enormous platform of the World Cup, which
provided such a huge audience, in a responsible manner. 

A creative idea that could
straddle an interesting sporting narrative, and a bigger, more meaningful
message that FIFA wanted to get behind. Their Live Your Goals campaign is a
thriving development project focused on women's footballs. Tying it up with
existing narrative -- No Barriers.

The narrative worked literally
and metaphorically -- kicking down a wall, breaking barriers. This is true of
football and life.

**_Bringing it to life_**

Casting is key with a group of
young women representing the world.

Creative challenge to be
exclusive, but to use real people.

Hyper real environment representing
all women, everywhere, all levels of football, all ages, all geographies. 

Live action, combined with CGI
post-production.

The wall was constructed
physically, and a ball was shot through using a gas cannon.

Working with real footballers. 

**_Heavy on the post_**

Final 10 seconds entirely CGI --
built in Cinema 3D and After Effects.One day to shoot -- 4 weeks to create.

Case Study 2 -- FIFA World Cup

A double challenge:

Confronting the negative perceptions of the brand -- a
creative approach that surprises and challenges the prevailing narrative.

Cut-through in a world where everything is wall-to-wall
footballers.

Stop-motion was the answer for its inherent qualities.

Interesting:

Time factor -- it took three months to make this. 25 frames x
30 seconds = 750 frames x 3 =2250 frames. Each frame is a separate image.

Build the props.

Case Study 3

Grassroots Soccer

Challenges -- how to compete for charity dollars -- make a compelling
case for someones wallet when there is so much charity fatigue. What is the
interesting story here? Insight, is that things regarding HIV are actually not
what we think they are. Progress is being made. The story is changing due to
the work of charities like GRS.

Second challenge -- very limited budget, with no ability to
go shoot on location around Africa. Existing YouTube footage only, low-quality.
Need to find a creative way to embrace that. Gave it a creative treatment that
made the most of what we had.

Understanding music is a huge driver of emotion, so we had a
piece composed specifically for this.

Humps on the road -- script written and approved all round,
at the last minute the board said it didn't reflect the brand, and they
explained why. They were right. We kept what was good and started again. We
don't like to work like that, but it's where you get to in the end.

Case Study 4

University Alliance -- Research excellence

Challenges: a film that reflects the